PAYARA-2598 Documentation for Payara Realms Identity Stores (#666)
payara/Payara-Server-Documentation: documentation/payara-server/public-api/realm-identitystores/realm-identity-store-definition.adoc

[[realm-identity-stores]]
= Realm Identity Stores

_Since Payara Server 5.194_

The Payara API provides a way to authenticate with existing realms using the `@RealmIdentityStoreDefinition` annotation.

[[usage]]
== Usage

[[usage-example]]
=== Example

The following code sample illustrates how to configure realm identity store:

[source, java]
----
@ApplicationScoped
@ApplicationPath("/rest")
@DeclareRoles({ "a", "b" })
@BasicAuthenticationMechanismDefinition(realmName = "file")
@RealmIdentityStoreDefinition("file")
public class MyRestApp extends Application {
}
----

> The `RealmIdentityStoreDefinition` is repeatable annotation hence multiple realm can also be defined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RealmIdentityStoreDefinition` is a repeatable annotation hence multiple realms can also be defined:
```
